Poachers

Setup:

4 players. 2 teams. north-south . and east-west.
Each team use same color for all its pieces.
You control your team’s pieces that’s on your half of the board.
You can move and attack onthe entire board. After your piece cross the center line your teammate controls it.

Each player has positional cards : S-N team cars corresponds to : (3 left, 2 center , 3 right ) colums
 E-W team  :( 3 upper, 2 center , 3 bottom )rows

Your hill: the center squares (of the 2*2green box) on your half of the board.

movement:
Pawn : 4 orthogonal direction. Attack on 4 diagonals.
pawns on the flank (red squeres): cant attack each other (this rule drops once the first piece enters the center hill).

Kings: can’t cross the half line. cant touch enemy kings.
King capture and being captured without combat.

Cards deal: at the start each player get 8 cards -  you choose 3 for positional cards and 5 left for your base.
On game start, the positional cards all open.
Each player have a “base” deck only he see. Max capacity: 5 cards.

Card Switch: Before your move you can make one switch between your positional cards or base cards, or between two of your positional cards.
Card refill: After your move. if you have a piece in your hill. You get a card for your base deck.

Combat: 
We use the positional cards of 4 sides, according to the attacked square (defender) coordinates. Each team uses two opposite postional cards.
3 public cards are always open. 2 more are opened on combat. 
The team with best poker hand win (5 public cards, 2 cards for each team)
A draw - the attacker wins.

If you win you capture.
If you loose : Rooks and bishops slide until they touch to defender. Other pisces stay in place.

After combat, Card refresh:
all 7 used cards are cleared back to the main deck.
3 new public card are opened.
After a combat players fill the positional card from their base deck.

Pawn promotion : 
This is done by a player instead of a board move.
You can promote a pawn that’s on your hill
You choose from your teams captured pieces.
Rules that prevent promotions: 
King : For each team -  Only one king on each half of the board. 
King Can’t touch enemy king.
Bishops:  For each team - one on light squares and one for dark squares.

Game end : When a team looses both kings they loose.
